anna has to meet her friends training
out at 7:00 sharp we have just a few
hours to turn it into a style Queen I
have a thing that I do okay and it's
called the commitment cut don't give me
a boyfriend I won't be okay oh my oh my
god are you kidding
oh my god okay gimme a hug all right I'm
thinking seventh grade George Bell
thickness is not in the shortened
seventh grade
[Music]
alright there's our ambush team this is
in our target I want you guys to get a
really nice look at her so let's get you
off into the SMAW and we'll get ready
for the haircut okay okay
I ready great doll got naturally wavy
here she's going around so we want to
keep it oval shape okay okay um color
was lighter and brighter let's give her
a chain and also talking about makeup
she's beautiful she needs a nice glowy
polished look let's go come on Joe
so sexiness and beauty in her and that's
why I want to bring out there was such
potential at first but because there's
such a length difference we're gonna do
the cup first alright Carlos get to it
so what are you doing tonight what's
going on
we just had planned to just go out and
have flying a Friday night who are you
going out with
Halina what's she like she has
the best fashion sense ever we're going
to knock her socks okay and I needed a
haircut I really did know you needed a
hair style
yeah oh my god
we call my god
this is my hair okay we got Anna we got
makeup for Lana we're out of here all
right
[Music]